Senior-level Insights
Recognition of and solutions for failure modes
Understanding of performance and scalability
Asks questions that demonstrate deeper experience
Ability to apply previous experience to new problems
Demonstrates knowledge of “advanced” design patterns
Communication
Able to clearly articulate why they made certain decisions
Red Flags
Any pressing concerns or open questions



Senior-level Insights
Depth of experience and/or research for past projects
Awareness of strengths/weaknesses of past work
Understanding of adjacent areas to their chosen domain (understanding of upstream and downstream systems, etc.)
Awareness of general problem space (why a particular set of solutions/systems was chosen over others, etc.)
Communication
Able to articulate clearly what they did and teach others
Red Flags
Any pressing concerns or open questions


Core Focus Areas:
Ownership mentality (“Craftsmanship”)
Bias for action (“Execution is everything”)
Caring (“One Team, One Fight”)
Self-awareness
Questions:
What do you find important in an engineering culture?
Tell me about your development process? Deployment methods? How often do they merge branches? Code reviews - who, how, how often?
What traits make a good engineer?
(For managers) What sort of engineers would you want hire?
(Product engineers) What does the ideal working relationship with PMs and design look like for you?
(Backend engineers) What’s the worst production issue that you caused? PARLA - if/where did they place blame; what did you do to resolve it (assesses self-awareness)
What feedback have you been given, both positive and negative, and what was your take on it?
Tell me about a cross-functional challenge you experienced at your job. Not necessarily technical, just any obstacle you had to overcome/work through with another team in order to achieve your goals. (Related wording: What was your worst experience working with someone cross-functionally?)
sales team (confusions), relationship matter

Consider DoorDash's Values 
Be an owner
Start from first principles
Love our customers
Assume great intentions
Think 10x
Be relentless
Nothing is free
Act with urgency
