Package Dependency Manager
Problem
In the real world, we build software that is organized into packages that may depend on other packages. Systems like Apache Maven help us manage these dependencies. When we submit a package for compilation, all of the packages dependencies need to be compiled before the package itself can be compiled. How can a system like Maven figure out the right order to compile packages.
Expectations
ho
Packages should not be compiled more than once
Identify edge case of circular dependency and identify algorithm to detect it
Hints
Solutions
DFS with memoization: Use DFS and store calculated nodes in a set/hash. Cycle is present if we encounter a vertex already in the current DFS path.

Not a preferred solution:

Edge Removal:
[This is not preferred since we need to do #1 anyways to determine the sub-graph of relevant vertices, since there could be packages that our top-level package doesn’t depend on at all]
Store vertices in a min heap sorted by number of outgoing edges. When a vertex has no outgoing edges remove all incoming edges. Cycle is present if heap is not empty and all vertices have outgoing edges. 
Evaluation
Dealing with ambiguity
There is little bit of ambiguity in the question about how to represent packages and dependencies and the fact that there may be circular dependencies. It will be good to see candidates clarify these. The graph should be modeled where the directed edges represent a “depends on” relationship. For example, A → B means B needs to be compiled before A.
Problem Solving
Candidates should be able to functionally decompose the problem, identify base case in the recursion and modify their solution to detect cycles. 
Candidates should be able to identify interesting cases (don’t recompile packages if a package appears twice in the transitive dependency) 
Algorithms
DFS, BFS. DFS makes more sense here since we are not looking for shortest path.
Code
DFS with memoization:


Test cases:
A
Output: [A]

A -> A
Output: Exception

A -> B; B -> A
Output: Exception

A -> B; B -> C; A->C 
Output: [C, B, A]

Outcome
Definite fail if candidate does not get Expectation #1 and #2.
Definite pass if candidate does get Expectation #1, #2 and #3.
Use judgement if candidate does not get Expectation #3. 
Plus points for coming up with algorithm




Senior-level Insights
Recognition of and solutions for failure modes
Understanding of performance and scalability
Asks questions that demonstrate deeper experience
Ability to apply previous experience to new problems
Demonstrates knowledge of “advanced” design patterns
Communication
Able to clearly articulate why they made certain decisions
Red Flags
Any pressing concerns or open questions



Senior-level Insights
Depth of experience and/or research for past projects
Awareness of strengths/weaknesses of past work
Understanding of adjacent areas to their chosen domain (understanding of upstream and downstream systems, etc.)
Awareness of general problem space (why a particular set of solutions/systems was chosen over others, etc.)
Communication
Able to articulate clearly what they did and teach others
Red Flags
Any pressing concerns or open questions


Core Focus Areas:
Ownership mentality (“Craftsmanship”)
Bias for action (“Execution is everything”)
Caring (“One Team, One Fight”)
Self-awareness
Questions:
What do you find important in an engineering culture?
Tell me about your development process? Deployment methods? How often do they merge branches? Code reviews - who, how, how often?
What traits make a good engineer?
(For managers) What sort of engineers would you want hire?
(Product engineers) What does the ideal working relationship with PMs and design look like for you?
(Backend engineers) What’s the worst production issue that you caused? PARLA - if/where did they place blame; what did you do to resolve it (assesses self-awareness)
What feedback have you been given, both positive and negative, and what was your take on it?
Tell me about a cross-functional challenge you experienced at your job. Not necessarily technical, just any obstacle you had to overcome/work through with another team in order to achieve your goals. (Related wording: What was your worst experience working with someone cross-functionally?)
Consider DoorDash's Values 
Be an owner
Start from first principles
Love our customers
Assume great intentions
Think 10x
Be relentless
Nothing is free
Act with urgency
